---
layout: pub
title:  "The Limes"
description: >
    The Limes is an interesting pub located on the bustling Faversham highstreet.
author: "Rhys"
date:   2025-01-19
categories: ["pub", "faversham"]
banner: /assets/images/albion_taverna_2.small.jpg
pub:
    name:  "The Limes"
    owner: "Shepherd Neame"
    location: 0, 0
    can_neame: "yes"
    rating: 7
---

The Limes is one of the most frequented pubs for us in Faversham, the standard
and the default. Whenever we go to Faversham, we always start at the Limes.
It seems fitting then that one of the first reviews on this site is about it.

## The Pub

The Limes is situated just past the railway station at Faversham, as you make
your way down the high street. The exterior is friendly enough, and walking
through the front door one is greeted by a clean and open bar area.

Upon purchasing a drink, you can either sit at some small 2-person tables
beside the bar, or walk back behind the bar to some very comfy armchairs next
to a fireplace. We very rarely see the fire alight unfortunately - this would
greatly improve the experience.

Further back from the armchairs are a large circular table - great for groups of
friends having a pub crawl, as should be done when visiting Faversham. Past this
lies a fairly average beer garden.

The interior is fairly nice, however there are very few interesting wares
on the walls - they are rather plain but overall nice enough.

## Food and Drink

Standard for a Neame pub, there was Bishop's finger on tap for the cider option.
It's an OK cider, but a bit too carbonated and slightly too acidic for my tastes.
Jack had a Guinness as usual, and that requires no comment.

We haven't ever seen food being served, but we've been assured that they do in
fact serve food. This of course means I cannot comment on their food selection.

## Conclusions

Overall The Limes is another standard Neame pub - although the interior is nice
enough and the drinks are OK, there is nothing massively special about the pub.

I'm giving it a 7/10 as I have very few faults with it, but I simply feel it
could be so much more if it had something unique to boast.
<!--more-->

